c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\Jigsaw 2.exe.config
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\Jigsaw 2.exe
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\Jigsaw 2.pdb
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2.g.resources
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw_2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2.exe
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Jigsaw 2.pdb
c:\users\matej\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Games\LetterOnLetter\LetterOnLetter.g.cs
C:\Users\matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\Games\LetterOnLetter\LetterOnLetter.baml
C:\Users\matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Jigsaw 2\Jigsaw 2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
